Go quickly
I drank two glasses of cat urine and got drunk into this glass of wine and took it away
Yes
Liu Hua
The UA organization you mentioned last time
Forgot to check more carefully
I see.
Especially the rural head of the underground black spring
Wangcha Street understands Mr. Yang
Wait for me.
Drink some water
What just happened?
I don't know why Liu Hongtao suddenly happened
He is your coach
Do you want to tell the teacher to do such a thing?
No, I'll take care of my own business.
You can tolerate this kind of thing, you don't understand
Although Liu Hongtao harassed me
But at least teach me with your heart
Wait until I learn all his skills
I will distinguish the Jade Lake from him again
Mom
You two are back together, of course.
I immediately said he wouldn't leave and would stay here, right?
Right scum
See how good your relationship is now?
I'm relieved.